Name: Pablo the alien
Description: Pablo is an alien from Jupiter. He has magical powers of controlling moon phases. He does not like the heat.
Average length (in feet): 2
Average height: 8
Location/Origin: Jupiter
Is it a dangerous creature? (Y or N): N
How many hours do you spend caring for ablo the alien?
Hours: 20

What is the cost per hour for caring for ablo the alien?
Cost per hour: 100

How much money do you spend on food for the ablo the alien?
Food Cost: 100
How much money do you spend on food/supplies for ablo the alien?
Supplies cost: 100

Name: Jake the dragon
Description: Jake is a dragon from an island. He enjoys fire and hot stuff. He does not like the cold. 
Average length (in feet): 20
Average height: 40
Location/Origin: Europe
Is it a dangerous creature? (Y or N): Y
How many hours do you spend caring for ake the dragon?
Hours: 24

What is the cost per hour for caring for ake the dragon?
Cost per hour: 60

How much money do you spend on food for the ake the dragon?
Food Cost: 600
How much money do you spend on food/supplies for ake the dragon?
Supplies cost: 600

Name: Hermione's horse
Description: Large magical horse from an island in the Bahamas. This horse has healing powers and has wings to fly through the sky.
Average length (in feet): 8
Average height: 9
Location/Origin: Bahamas
Is it a dangerous creature? (Y or N): N
How many hours do you spend caring for ermione's horse?
Hours: 24

What is the cost per hour for caring for ermione's horse?
Cost per hour: 80

How much money do you spend on food for the ermione's horse?
Food Cost: 90
How much money do you spend on food/supplies for ermione's horse?
Supplies cost: 100

Name: Bigfoot
Description: Tall man-like creature that has a big foot. This creature does not like to have pictures taken of him and he prefers to be alone. He enjoys the wilderness.
Average length (in feet): 2
Average height: 9
Location/Origin: Mountains
Is it a dangerous creature? (Y or N): N
How many hours do you spend caring for igfoot?
Hours: 0

What is the cost per hour for caring for igfoot?
Cost per hour: 0

How much money do you spend on food for the igfoot?
Food Cost: 0
How much money do you spend on food/supplies for igfoot?
Supplies cost: 0